Predictable Sequencing (#567)
vatpac-technology/sops: docs/enroute/Melbourne Centre/MUN.md

GTH is responsible for issuing STAR Clearances for Jets.

### Sequencing in to YMML

## Predictable Sequencing

> Predictable sequencing alllows for ATC to re-route aircraft via pre-defined waypoints off major airways to create certain time delay. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predictable Sequencing is used instead of vectoring, and involves ATC re-routing aircraft via pre-defined waypoints positioned off major airways to provide a certain time delay.```

> Aircraft arriving into Melbourne via **Q29** can use four additional waypoints to the south of the airway. Aircraft should continue to comply with STAR speed and height restrictions unless explicitly cancelled by ATC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four Predictable Sequencing waypoints available for aircraft inbound YMML via **Q29**, located south of the airway. Aircraft must comply with STAR speed and level restrictions unless explicitly cancelled by ATC.```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The table below contains the estimated time from the initial waypoint to the final waypoint **via the CDO waypoint**. I.e., the estimated delay if an aircraft is re-routed via that CDO waypoint.
```
